## Goals
- The trainee will know how to index docs to Elasticsearch index and how to search them
- The trainee will understand what Elasticsearch cluster is made of
- The trainee will understand what is `X-Pack`
- The trainee will be familiar with Elasticsearch configurations files
- The trainee will be familiar with the following terms:
  * `Index`
  * `Shards`
  * `Mappings`
  * `Templates`
  * `Alias`

## Tasks
1. What is Elasticsearch?
1. What are the use cases for Elasticsearch? 
1. When would you prefer using Elasticsearch over PostgreSQL and MongoDB?
1. Install Elasticsearch and answer the following questions:
   * What are Elasticsearch default ports? What is the purpose of each of them and what protocol they listen to
   * What are Elasitcsearch main configuration files?
1. Deploy 3 Elasticsearch nodes cluster and do the following tasks:
   * Create new `Index` with 1 `Primary Shard` and 1 `Replica Shards`
   * What shards are?
   * What is considered normal size for shard?
   * Can you change the number of shards index is made of?
   * Index some docs to the index
   * Search the index
   * List all indices
   * What is `mapping`?
   * What is `template`?
   * What is `alias`?
   * Show the the index you have created mapping
   * Can you change the existing index mapping?
   * Create a new index with 1 primary and 2 replicas and specify the mapping in the creation time.
   * Stop one of your nodes
   * Show cluster status. What is the cluster status after stoping the node?
1. What nodes roles are?
1. How does elastic determines the shard a new document will be stored in?
1. What is X-Pack?
   * Add password authentication to your cluster.
   * Configure TLS at the `transport` layer

> https://www.elastic.co/blog/found-crash-elasticsearch
