## Goals 
* The trainee will understand basic concepts of Java:
  * `JVM`
  * `jdk`
  * `GC`
  * `heap`
  * `compressed oops`
  * `JKS`
* The trainee will understand how to config Elasticsearch jvm options

## Tasks:
* Read about the following terms explain each one:
  * `JVM`
  * `jdk`
  * `heap`
    * What kind of things are located in the heap?
    * What other kinds of memory Java use?
    * What is the downside about allocating more then `32GB` to heap? Read about `compressed oops`.
  * `GC`
    * What the difference between GC like `CMS` and `G1GC`.
    * What the difference between `Minor GC`, `Major GC` and `Full GC`
* Elasticsearch and Java
   * How can you see your Java version?
   * How can you set Elasticsearch to use other jdk?
   * How can you change JVM configuration?
   * Where is the jdk installed in new Elasticsearch versions?
   * How much size is recommended to allocate for Elasticsearch heap? 
   * Why Elasticsearch needs `filesystem cache`?
   * What Elasticsearch allocate in the heap?
   * Why would you set the `-Xmx` and `-Xms` to same size?
   * Understand `bootstrap.memory_lock` configuration
   * How does Elasticseasrch try to prevent `OOM` errors?
   * How can you monitor Elasticsearch heap usage and GC operations?
 * Read about JKS (Java keystore) and Truststore
   * What's the difference between them? What would be in each one?
   * In which format JKS are stored?
   * How can you add thing to Elasticsearch keystore? 
   * List all variables in the keystore
   * Give example for configuration that are stored in the keystore
